# CRUD_Language_Time_Logger
   The website created with this code will allow the user to track information about when they practice a language, as well as what language they practiced. The website will allow the user to create a session, edit a session, delete a session, and search for a session in order to make keeping track of your language learning more efficiently.
  
   To use the website, enter in the information for a session by following what the website tells you to give it. If you add a session, you will need to add in all of the information such as Language, Date, Time In, and Time Out. If you are searching for a session, you just need to enter in the Language. If you want to update or delete a session, you will need to enter in the Session ID. If you are updating a file, you will need to enter in the same information you would if you were adding a new session after you enter in the Session ID.
  
   This website was made on a Cloud9 repository, and includes an add.php, delete.php, login.php, search.php, update.php, Languages.html, Update.html, style.css, and world_languages.jpeg files. The languages used in this project are php, html, css, and javascript.
  
   The creator of this project is Ella Wold. She created this website as a project during her Computer Science Principles class. This is the first full website that she has created, and this is also the first computer class she has taken. She enjoys learning languages, and wishes to become a translator or interpreter in the future. She has taken Spanish classes in school since she was little, and is currently teaching herself Korean and Russian in her free time.
